content(newsletter): add August 2026 DDEV newsletter (#722)
ddev/ddev.com: src/content/blog/ddev-august-2026-newsletter.md

## What's New on the Blog

- **[A Love Letter to the DDEV Community](love-letter-ddev-community.md)** → Randy on what the DDEV community — real feedback, hard questions, generous contributions, genuine collaboration — makes this project what it is.
- **[Shopware on DDEV: notes from years of client projects](shopware-on-ddev.md)** → Benny Poensgen on why DDEV and Shopware fit together, from a first onboarding to conclusions drawn over years of agency practice.

## Community Highlights

**Knecht.works Ships Sandbox Rollback** — Following up on last month's beta-tester call, the team at knecht.works has added sandbox rollback to their agency dashboard, letting each automated DDEV run boot into its own disposable environment. [Read the update↗](https://knecht.works/updates/sandbox-rollback)

**TYPO3 Snapshot: Pull and Anonymize Production Data Locally** — Ramon Herrmann released Snapshot, an open-source TYPO3 extension that pulls databases and fileadmin from live/staging into a local DDEV environment, with built-in anonymization for GDPR compliance. [Read the announcement↗](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/ramon-herrmann-b79665212_typo3-opensource-php-share-7487427301668876288-FlxY/)

> **Quick DDEV Previews: A Self-Hosted Preview Service** — Matthias Andrasch built a proof-of-concept service that spins up DDEV preview environments from any branch of a connected GitHub repository. Two screencasts show it running: one locally on macOS, one deployed on a Hetzner VPS. [View the repo↗](https://github.com/mandrasch/quick-ddev-previews) • [Local install↗](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sS0WUtyXYm4) • [Hetzner VPS↗](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRNQ9RinErQ)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Quick DDEV Previews: A Self-Hosted Preview Service** — Matthias Andrasch built a proof-of-concept service that spins up DDEV preview environments from any branch of a connected GitHub repository, based on Samuel Reichör's technical work. Screencast: [Using it on Hetzner VPS↗](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRNQ9RinErQ) • [View the repo↗](https://github.com/mandrasch/quick-ddev-previews) 
```

Local Installation not needed, thanks very much!
